"No dream is too big. No challenge is too great. Nothing we want for our future is beyond our reach." - Donald Trump
"Think Big and make it happen." - Donald Trump
"Without passion, your don't have energy, without energy you have nothing." - Donald Trump
"I like thinking big. If you're going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big." - Donald Trump
"My whole life is about winning. I don't lose often. I almost never lose." - Donald Trump
"We need a president with tremendous intelligence, smarts, cunning, strength, and stamina." - Donald Trump
"Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war." - Donald Trump
"I always look at it that I work with my employees as opposed to them working for me." - Donald Trump
"Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game." - Donald Trump
"In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish." - Donald Trump
"Without passion, you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing." - Donald Trump
"Part of being a winner is knowing when enough is enough. Sometimes you have to give up the fight and walk away, and move on to something that's more productive." - Donald Trump
"People love me. And you know what, I have been very successful. Everybody loves me." - Donald Trump
"It's always good to be underestimated." - Donald Trump
"We must speak our minds openly, debate our disagreements honestly, but always pursue solidarity." - Donald Trump
"When you open your heart to patriotism, there is no room for prejudice. The Bible tells us, 'How good and pleasant it is when God's people live together in unity'." - Donald Trump
"People are tired of seeing politicians as all talk and no action." - Donald Trump
"What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate." - Donald Trump
"When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough." - Donald Trump
"I don't like losers." - Donald Trump
"If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead, make your work more pleasurable." - Donald Trump
"I judge people based on their capability, honesty, and merit." - Donald Trump
"I'm competitive, and I love to create challenges for myself. Maybe that's not always a good thing. It can make life complicated." - Donald Trump
"I wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement." - Donald Trump
"Criticism is easier to take when you realize that the only people who aren't criticized are those who don't take risks." - Donald Trump
"Courage is not the absence of fear. Courage is the ability to act effectively, in spite of fear." - Donald Trump
"I will fight for you with every breath in my body - and I will never, ever let you down." Donald Trump
"My father would always praise me. He always thought I was the smartest person." - Donald Trump
"If you love what you do, if you love going to the office, if you really like it - not just say it, but really like it - it keeps you young and energized. I really love what I do." - Donald Trump
"I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is." - Donald Trump
"Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion." - Donald Trump
"I apologize when I'm wrong." - Donald Trump
"I believe that I just have it from my father, from my parents. They had wonderful energy." - Donald Trump
"Remember, there's no such thing as an unrealistic goal - just unrealistic time frames." - Donald Trump
"The harder I work, the luckier I get. When you have momentum going, play the momentum." - Donald Trump
"Rules are meant to be broken." - Donald Trump
"There's always opposition when you do something big. I do many things that are controversial. When people see it, they love it!" - Donald Trump
"We will seek friendship and goodwill with the nations of the world - but we do so with the understanding that it is the right of all nations to put their own interests first." - Donald Trump
"It is time to show the whole world that America is back - bigger and better and stronger than ever before." - Donald Trump
"I own buildings. I'm a builder, I know how to build. Nobody can build like I can build. Nobody. And the builders in New York will tell you that. I build the best product. And my name helps a lot." - Donald Trump
"I rely on myself very much. I just think that you have an instinct and you go with it. Especially when it comes to a deal-making and buying things." Donald Trump
"We do not seek to impose our way of life on anyone, but rather to let it shine as an example for everyone to follow." - Donald Trump
"I feel a lot of people listen to what I have to say" - Donald Trump
"We need a great president." - Donald Trump
"I was a great student. I was good at everything." - Donald Trump
"The U.S. has become a dumping ground for everybody else's problems." - Donald Trump
"I have a great relationship with the Mexican people." - Donald Trump
"I've always said, If you need Viagra, you're probably with the wrong girl." - Donald Trump
"I've always won, and I'm going to continue to win. And that's the way it is." - Donald Trump
"Everything in life is luck." - Donald Trump